[intriguing music plays]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[tense music plays]
[indistinct moaning]
[man] I should begin by saying
what an honor it is
to make your acquaintance.
I've read all about your games.
Very impressive.
It's a shame
to leave a mind as brilliant as yours
rotting in such a hole.
[woman] Down!
[ominous music plays]
There are very few who have such power
to lever you out of this place.
I am among one such group of individuals.
We can make it look like you escaped.
Many years ago.
some items of worth were misplaced.
We want them back.
Help us and you will be free.
Does the name.
Tewkesbury
mean anything to you?
[bell tolls]
[dramatic music plays]
[Enola] I read somewhere that
all good stories begin with a wedding.
[woman 1] Where is she?
[Enola] This one certainly does.
[snores]
[woman 2] She's very late.
[woman 1] Someone's approaching.
Nice.
Here we go.
["Wedding March" by Mendelssohn plays]
-[woman 1] Oh.
-[man] Oh.
[music stops]
[Enola] Regrettably. however. this wedding
is lacking one crucial element.
[dramatic music plays]
'Tis I.
No. really.
[Enola] You see. the bride in question
is having doubts
about what it means to become a lady.
[gasps. yells]
Don't touch the ginger cake.
Plays hopscotch with your bowels.
I do.
[man] Lady Enola Tewkesbury.
It doesn't sound right.
I don't!
[Enola] I've spent the six years making
myself feel worthy of the Holmes name.
Would I now be giving that up?
And as I was once told by a wise woman…
-Well. not a wise woman. My mother.
-There are two paths you can take. Enola.
Yours. or the path others choose for you.
[Enola] But it's Tewkesbury.
Ow! Will you stop that?
I cannot leave him there.
I won't.
Coachman Eric? Coachman Eric?
I thought you'd scarpered.
Has Sherlock gone ahead?
Darling girl.
everyone's at your wedding. bar you.
-Now. are you ready to go?
-Yes. yes. go!
[dramatic music plays]
-Yah. yah! [laughs]
-[Enola] Fast as you can!
[Enola] Now might be a good time
to tell you my wedding is in Malta.
the small island in the Mediterranean Sea.
for reasons that are complicated
to understand.
-She'll be here. don't worry.
-Yes. of course.
[Eric] Yah! Yah!
[horse neighs]
Excuse me. madam.
To concern you a little.
we have a man in pursuit.
He does not look savory.
[Eric] Highwaymen. vagabonds. thieves!
Malta has more than its fair share.
Yah! Yah!
Whoa!
[Eric] Keep down! Keep down. madam!
[gasps]
-[Eric] This is no place for a lady!
-I'm not a lady yet!
-Quicker!
-Here. take this!
Madam. what are you doing?!
Come down from up there!
Enola! It's me!
Dr. Watson! [yelps]
[music stops]
[dramatic music sting]
[groans]
[Watson] Enola. are you okay?
-[Enola groans]
-[Eric shouts indistinctly]
Why were you wearing a mask?
Oh. it's a handkerchief.
The dust plays havoc with my lungs.
-You thought I was...
-[Enola] Murdering me?
-[Watson] No.
-Yes. that's exactly what I thought.
[groans] Why were you pursuing me?
It's your brother.
He's missing.
In fact. I'm more or less certain. Enola.
that Sherlock has been kidnapped.
I'm sorry?
[ominous music plays]
[Enola] I understand you may need
some explanation as to how this all began.
The truth is.
we had our lives exactly as we wanted.
Tewkesbury continued to be the champion
for change and progress.
and I had finally joined the pantheon
of great Victorian detectives.
alongside my brother.
He helped those with means.
and I helped those with needs.
And on occasion. we worked together.
I was happy.
And here. the trail runs cold.
Don't come any further.
We have to keep it as clear as we can.
-A horse was mounted.
-[horse neighs]
-And the man made his departure this way.
-[Enola] A good suggestion.
[Sherlock] You have another?
The man was lassoed by a noose
and hanged from here.
Do you see the rope remnants
that have not been fully cut away?
And the marks here.
where flailing feet aimed for purchase.
Sherlock. this is not
where the man disappeared.
This is a murder scene.
-[child] Is that Sherlock Holmes?
-They're less fun than you'd think.
Detection filled my weeks.
and on the weekends were. well…
Tewkesbury. what are you doing?
Got a gift. [chuckles]
-[Enola] Flowers?
-No.
[Enola] Herbs?
Close your eyes.
[Enola sighs] Okay.
[chuckles] What have you found?
[laughs]
-Oh!
-I just found him.
-Sweet boy.
-Can you believe it?
Nice to meet you.
-[Enola] It was glorious.
-He's a bit shy.
[Enola] It was fun.
When it was neither fun nor glorious.
when it was just the two of us.
those were the best times of all.
[Tewkesbury] Back. And when I go in.
you back against that.
[gentle music plays]
[Enola squeals]
No. Tewkesbury. Tewkesbury!
[laughs]
[Enola] So whilst my life
seemed completely uncomplicated.
my dear. dear lord
decided to add a slight complication.
Enola Eudoria Holmes.
uh. will you take I.
Earnest Augustus
of the House of Tewkesbury…
Yes.
He has a first name.
I… I was surprised too.
…to be your husband?
Read all about it!
[dramatic music plays]
[Enola] Suddenly. we had the attention
of the whole of London.
-[man 1] Delightful.
-[man 2] Ravishing.
[Enola] Well. except for one person.
Sherlock Holmes.
The world's most famous detective
had become obsessed with something.
Hello. Sherlock.
[Enola] It was all maps and symbols.
and nothing I could make any sense of.
I couldn't understand
why he was keeping it from me.
[music stops]
[Tewkesbury] On the flowers…
-We did discuss chrysanthemums.
-Chrysanthemums?
[Enola] Yes! They're my favorite.
What's next? Oh!
I have prepared a short list
of our nearest and dearest.
Yes. I do. uh. have one myself.
[Enola chuckles]
Can I borrow your pen?
Just one more person.
She won't be able to make it.
Here you are.
No room for your mother?
She will be quite welcome.
Since the passing
of the Explosive Substances Act of 1883.
my mother has become a…
[inhales. sighs]
…fugitive of the first class.
So attending
a well-advertised ceremony such as this
would compromise her safety
greatly.
Might there be an uncle…
-Mother.
-…who might walk you down the aisle?
Well. I spoke with Sherlock…
[jaunty music plays]
Ta-da.
…and he consented to do so.
-He will?
-[Enola] Yes.
Congratulations.
And so he will do so curmudgeonly.
and he will lack elegance
and a sense of life behind his eyes.
but he is all I have. so it will be great.
Of course. not all will attend
on Earnest's side.
He is well-loved. but…
[Sherlock] Given the family's history.
I presume the wedding will be in Malta?
Malta.
Malta?
[Tewkesbury] Where on earth
has that come from?
Well. I was taking tea with the ladies.
and of course the wedding
was the talk of the table.
[bell rings]
When the topic moved on
to the matter of the venue.
one of the ladies asked
where Peter and I were wed.
and I thought it just wonderful.
Malta.
What better way to honor your father?
-[whispers] I'm sorry.
-It was my husband's delight.
His time in the military
was spent there. we met there.
we married there.
And Earnest deeply loved
his childhood summers there.
I did.
Of course. if you wish to do it elsewhere.
that is the bride's prerogative.
[intriguing music plays]
[Enola] My wedding in Malta?
I had so many questions.
What does one wear to a Maltese wedding?
Do I know anyone in Malta?
Perhaps you're free this Saturday.
Are you free this Saturday?
Pretend to be my great-great-grandmother.
[Enola] More importantly.
how did Sherlock know before I did?
And why was he so concerned?
[Eudoria] Pay attention. Enola.
[Enola] Here's what my mother taught me.
[Eudoria] Though but a speck
in the Mediterranean Sea.
Malta has been invaded by the Phoenicians.
the Romans. and even Napoleon.
for its strategic importance.
Since 1814.
the island has been under military control
of the British Empire.
Oh. hello.
[Eudoria] Oh. sorry. ma'am.
[Enola] Before I knew it.
the wedding was upon us.
And that is how we found ourselves
in a room packed full
of the great and the good.
His family. delighted the young viscount
had finally settled on a bride.
and my family.
well. behaving
in a more complicated manner.
Were no more of your family
able to join for the wedding party?
No.
Oh.
-[chair scrapes]
-[tapping on wine glass]
Ladies and gentlemen.
as the British governor
of this beautiful province.
it is my honor
to invite our great defender.
Brigadier General Sampson.
to make a toast.
Brigadier General!
You'll meet him. He's great.
[clears throat] Thank you. everyone.
Thank you. Uh…
As godfather to the groom.
it is an honor and delight
to make tonight's toast.
Now. my friend. uh. Lord Tewkesbury.
uh. Peter.
was a proud father.
and he saw in his son
an opportunity to make a man.
And what Earnest has shown us
since his ascension to the House of Lords
has been most distinguished.
Young revolutionary
prepared to stand side by side
with those less fortunate
and see them almost as equals.
Which. uh. perhaps explains
his choice of bride.
[laughter]
[Sampson] I jest.
[chuckles] Forgive me. I jest.
Yes. uh. she's quite
a remarkable young woman.
As is my godson.
a. well. a remarkable young man.
What a couple they will make.
[suspenseful music plays]
Ladies and gentlemen.
would you please be upstanding?
If you'll excuse me.
[Sampson] I give you…
I'm sorry.
I don't know what that was about.
[Sampson] …the happy couple.
-The happy couple.
[indistinct chatter]
[door opens. creaks]
[door closes]
[Enola] Sherlock!
Where have you been?
That is none of your concern.
What business have you in Malta?
Is this a new case?
And if so. why wouldn't you include me?
Who is that man you were watching?
Enola. I'm tired.
Or are you simply
just distracting yourself
from the boredom of watching your sister
commit to something you have no stake in?
-Oh. it is I that is seeking distraction?
-[Enola] You are making a judgment.
It is not a subtle one.
I do not blame you for it.
If I were in your situation.
I would seek distraction too.
Why would you give away
your freedom to these people?
I am not giving away freedom.
I am simply marrying a lord.
-I knew what I was getting myself into.
-What could tempt you to be predictable?
Of course you can't understand
an act of love.
What can marriage offer
a mind such as yours?
You give up your name.
-Your standing as a detective.
-I will keep working.
Take on title and tradition
you cannot understand.
No. You are better than that.
You are a Holmes.
And what good is that name?
[somber music plays]
My father's dead.
My eldest brother a bore.
My mother. a stick of dynamite
long since exploded.
And all that's left is you.
And if this is how you choose to love me.
then I would rather
lose my name for eternity.
[Sherlock] You're being emotional.
I understand that you are upset.
but I am also right.
You have compromised yourself fatally.
I am not so frightened of society
that I will not conform
to its wishes occasionally.
Tewkesbury needs to be married.
So I will… I must marry...
Do as you are told?
Oh yes.
You are a pig. Sherlock Holmes.
This pig would like some peace and quiet.
[Enola] That was the last time I saw him.
But Sherlock Holmes
kidnapped?
[dramatic music plays]
It's not possible.
[music fades]
It's not only possible.
but probable.
[sighs]
-Interesting.
-What's interesting?
The room has been torn apart.
Well.
it looks perfectly normal to me.
[Enola] His garments
have been left untouched.
so whoever did this
knows he cares nothing for them.
which means whoever did this
has some knowledge of my brother.
[tense music plays]
It's warm.
He was taken within the last few hours.
[sniffs]
He was smoking Bristol tobacco.
Not his usual shag.
His notebooks.
A testing code.
I will break it.
-What case were you working on here?
-In Malta?
No case. We're here for your wedding.
But last night at the banquet.
he was watching someone.
[Watson] Case?
-What case? Why did I not know of this...
-Stop.
[music fades]
[intriguing music plays]
A Holmes does not disappear
without leaving clues for a Holmes.
Other detectives may be available.
My brother has left his mark somewhere.
What if he hasn't?
Then you do not know my brother at all.
[music fades]
I care for him too.
I know.
I apologize.
You're scared. We both are.
[Enola] I do not doubt
Sherlock has doubted me.
but he must have left me something.
[Watson] Let's keep looking.
[suspenseful music plays]
K-H…
O…
S-T?
[Watson] Khost?
Yes. Isn't that a city in...
In Afghanistan. yes.
-Where are you seeing this?
-On the mirror.
-On the mirror?
-[Enola] Mm.
Might they just be signs of a struggle?
No. that's Morse code.
Perhaps.
whilst he was being taken.
he was dragged out and left this for us.
[Sherlock groans]
[music fades]
Khost?
[horses approach]
Ah.
They're returning.
The wedding party.
[gasps]
[poignant music plays]
No. he needs to understand.
Off we go.
[woman] Surprising.
[music fades]
[grunts]
The audacity.
[man] Absolute disgrace.
I'm not the most popular soul
in Malta right now.
Understandably.
But he will understand when I tell him
of Sherlock's disappearance.
[intriguing music plays]
-[Sherlock groans]
-[kidnapper grunts]
Pull on every loose thread you find.
[Enola] Tewkesbury will understand.
I hope.
But I cannot let him escape.
This is a clue. As my mother taught me.
when you're solving a mystery.
you pull on a ball of thread.
[suspenseful music plays]
I'm losing my mind.
[man] Coming through!
[Enola] No. wait!
Sir!
[man] Move. move. move!
[Enola] Terribly sorry!
-[man] Move!
-[Enola] Just stop!
[man] Excuse me!
[traders speak Maltese]
[Enola] Sorry!
Stop him!
-[grunts]
-[yelps]
[dramatic music plays]
Excuse me!
Make way!
[clamoring]
Move!
-[gunshot]
-[yelps]
[music stops]
[tense music plays]
[Enola] Sir!
Look at me. I will find you help.
Please. just tell me your name.
[groans]
-Where's my brother? Where's my brother?
-Wrath.
Wrath?
What's "wrath"?
Wrath.
[haunting music plays]
What's "wrath"? Sir. wake up!
Wake up. What's "wrath"?
[bell tolls]
Please. somebody help!
[Sherlock] Look for what's there.
Not what you want to be there.
You'll see the truth soon enough.
[suspenseful music plays]
[Enola] My brother is missing.
and the man he was pursuing. dead.
Why was Sherlock
suspicious of that sergeant?
Why was he killed?
[man] Wrath.
[Enola] And by who?
It's all connected.
But at this stage. I don't know how.
All I really have are two words.
Khost. we know.
But what of wrath?
Another place?
A person?
Perhaps Sherlock knew.
His notebooks.
Of course he wrote them in code.
Well. you forget
I. too. was raised on ciphers.
Two five-letter words.
The fourth letter in the first
matches the last letter in the second.
[Sherlock] Khost. Wrath.
[door closes]
[tense music plays]
[tense music crescendos]
-Agh!
-Oh dear!
-[groans]
-[Enola] Tewkesbury!
-[Tewkesbury groans] Good grief. Enola!
-Oh my!
-I hadn't even knocked. and you're...
-It was a scary shadow.
Is it bleeding?
-Yes. very much.
-For goodness' sake.
-Can I see it?
-No. just...
Is it broken?
-[Tewkesbury] No. just let me...
-If you wiggle your nose...
[Tewkesbury] Shh!
[Tewkesbury breathes heavily]
[Enola] Your poor nose.
-Can I just take a look at your nose?
-Whoa.
Is that your blood?
-No.
-Enola.
-No. it's the blood of another.
-Oh. good.
In any other hands.
that would be horrifying to hear.
With yours. it's a relief.
-Well?
-Sherlock is missing.
I heard.
And I'm scared.
This is not how I imagined this moment.
[Tewkesbury scoffs]
In truth.
this is not how I imagined this day.
[somber music plays]
I was on my way to you.
I was traveling at great speed.
and then Dr. Watson was following me.
I thought he was a highwayman.
so I tried to shoot at him.
hence the state of my dress...
Let me play detective for once.
Why were you traveling at great speed?
To be with you.
You were already late.
To your own wedding.
Your doubts about this
have been clear for some time.
-Tewkesbury...
-No. don't.
I am sorry for any pain I have caused you.
I truly hope you succeed
in finding your brother.
I'm sure you will.
[Enola] Perhaps my mother was right.
I am meant to be alone.
You're gonna do very well
on your own. Enola.
This is the place he took me to
when we first arrived here.
[music fades]
[Tewkesbury] This is where Father and I
spent all our summers.
-You see that cave?
-[Enola] Yes.
He told me when I was a boy
that there was treasure hidden inside.
So every summer.
I'd ask him to take me to that cave.
and we would strike matches.
We'd walk into the darkness together.
pretending to be pirates or something.
[Lord Tewkesbury] Come on. matey.
I remember vividly
my heart beating like mad.
truly thinking
we might find a chest or something.
I did adore his stories though.
Yeah.
Times spent here.
they were some of the happiest of my life.
[somber music plays]
I did not mean to hurt him.
I do not know if I can solve this case.
But if whoever this is
will kill a man to protect their identity…
What will they do to my brother?
[groans]
[music fades]
[groans softly]
[bells ringing]
[woman 1] Fire!
[Enola] No!
[dramatic music plays]
Tewkesbury! Tewkesbury!
-Where's Tewkesbury?
-He… he went inside!
-No!
-He was looking for his mother!
[woman 2] We tried to stop him! [sobs]
[indistinct shouting]
[woman 2] Enola. stop!
[Tewkesbury] Mother! Are you there?
-Tewkesbury!
-[Tewkesbury] Over here!
[Tewkesbury yells]
Where are you?
[groans]
[breathes heavily]
[Tewkesbury] Mother!
Mother!
[Enola grunts]
[Tewkesbury] Mother!
[Enola yelps]
-[Tewkesbury] Mother!
-Tewkesbury!
[coughs]
Tewkesbury!
[Tewkesbury coughs]
[Enola] Tewkesbury. [coughs]
We have to go. She's not here.
-Nobody's seen her.
-We have to go. please.
[Tewkesbury] No. Mother!
Tewkesbury. did you force the door
when you came in here?
[Tewkesbury] No. I didn't.
-[screams]
-Tewkesbury.
-[Tewkesbury] Mother!
-[Enola] Tewkesbury. look at me.
-She has been kidnapped.
-What?
We have to leave. We have to go right now.
Please!
-[Enola coughs]
-[Tewkesbury] Mother!
[music stops]
[Watson] Deep breath.
[Enola exhales]
[Watson] And again.
One more.
[Enola sighs]
[Watson] Hmm.
Well.
you sound fine.
though you may not feel that way.
[Enola] Why would somebody
take his mother?
Dr. Watson.
what would my brother do?
-[Watson] Deep breath.
-Ouch!
-[Watson] I'm not a detective.
-[winces]
You know. when I first moved in.
he didn't know what to make of me.
if you can imagine that.
[Enola chuckles]
But I hoped we could be friends.
so every day at teatime.
I'd prepare a tray
and I'd ask him
how his latest case was progressing.
-And every day…
-[winces]
[Watson] …he wouldn't know how to respond.
You'd have thought a cup of tea
was a gun to his head. [chuckles]
He just… He couldn't… he couldn't
quite fathom why I might be curious.
And every day I tried.
Finally. I thought.
"It's making you unhappy. John. Let go."
And then one day. I was sat by the fire.
finishing some work of my own.
and he appeared with a cup of tea.
Terrible tea.
Mm. Yes. Too much milk.
Far too much.
But he sat down. and for the first time.
he told me about his case.
and I found myself inexorably drawn in.
What did he tell you?
Well. that's between me and him
and my diaries.
[Watson sighs]
But…
[poignant music plays]
…you asked me
what would Sherlock truly say
were he here.
He isn't.
And you are.
He thinks your brain equal to his.
Dear Doctor. I hope he's right.
[Watson] Try. Enola.
Talk to him.
[music fades]
Hello.
[sighs]
Do you think it was the same people
that took Sherlock?
I am certain of it.
Why would they take my mother?
I don't know. But I will find out.
I know you are capable of finding her.
but she has not Sherlock's strength.
She has always lived
a very… cosseted life.
[Tewkesbury sighs]
When did you last see her?
I left her
at nine. I went to say goodnight.
She offered me comfort.
Everything will be
much improved by morning.
[poignant music plays]
[Tewkesbury sighs] She was
wearing a nightgown. Enola.
I cannot waste another moment.
I'm going to ask the brigadier for help.
[intriguing music plays]
What would my brother say?
[Sherlock] A lady would never leave
her room unaccompanied at that hour.
[Enola] She would have gone to sleep.
[screams]
[Sherlock] I was also taken from my room.
They risked much returning to the scene.
[Enola] Then there is the fire.
Are we truly dealing with a kidnapper.
a murderer. and an arsonist all in one?
[Sherlock] You ask
the wrong question. Go back.
[Enola] Why did the kidnapper
start the fire?
[Sherlock] Precisely.
[Lady Tewkesbury screams]
[Enola] This kidnapper
was looking for something.
[suspenseful music plays]
But whatever he was seeking.
he did not find.
[Sherlock] And if you cannot
find an object…
[music fades]
Burn everything
so no one will find it either.
[Sherlock] Focus. Enola. Make no mistake.
you are racing for my life.
And possibly your own.
[tense music plays]
[coughs]
[Enola] Medals.
-[man grunts]
-[gasps]
Who are you?
-Hey. hey. hey. whoa. whoa. Easy.
-Who are you?
Why are you here?
I'm not telling you.
-Where is Sherlock Holmes?
-I do not know.
-Where have you taken him?
-I have not taken him.
I can assure you I am desperate enough.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Well. that would be stupid.
No. and you… you… you are not stupid.
[dramatic music plays]
-[groans]
-[music fades]
Now. that was stupid.
Hey.
-[groans]
-[dramatic music resumes]
[chuckles. speaks Maltese]
[man groans]
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
-[chokes]
-[Enola] You…
Oh. lady. Oh. oh!
Jeez. no! Ow. ow!
All right. all right. I…
I believe your brother was taken
by Professor Adeline Rathe.
Wrath.
-Who is she?
-[man] What?
Where is she?!
Look. I have been following you
in the hope that you might
find a way to her that I have not.
She's a ghost. and a brutal one.
She has the ear of the governor.
She appeared a year ago.
hearing everything. We do not trust her.
And this woman has taken my brother
and Lady Tewkesbury?
Please get off me.
[tense music plays]
[gasps]
[music stops]
[man breathes deeply]
Who are you?
My name is Mikiel Mizzi
of the Partito Anti-Riformista.
and we believe in a free Malta.
And we wish to be rid of your Crown.
Of your destruction.
Of using our soldiers
to fight your battles.
not caring if they live or die.
And your need to control a country
that you know nothing about.
I know who you are. Enola Holmes.
[Mikiel speaks Maltese]
You are a great detective.
-Your brother...
-[whistle blows]
[shouting in Maltese]
[Mikiel speaks Maltese]
If the police catch me here.
they will throw me in jail.
-I have to go.
-[Enola] No. you have to talk.
You will require my help again.
-I will require yours.
-You can't go.
-Our paths will cross.
-I have more questions.
I'll be watching you. Goodbye. Enola.
[suspenseful music plays]
[window closes]
Uh…
[chuckles awkwardly]
[lively music plays]
We are aware of you. Miss Holmes.
Inspector Lestrade
has been very useful to us.
We told him you were troubling.
He said that is your way.
Troubling how?
An eyewitness puts you next to a dead body
at the scene of a crime.
-The man was clearly shot from above.
-A dead body you failed to report.
-Then we find you inside a police...
-Sergeant. my brother is missing.
My future mother-in-law is missing.
I am a detective.
and I am trying to find the woman
held responsible for all of this.
Which woman?
Professor Adeline Rathe.
Why might you be interested in...
-[governor] Sergeant Indri.
-Yes. Governor.
-You appear to have made a mistake.
-[Indri] Sir. I...
You are here under a remit
for Maltese crimes.
Enola Holmes is English.
She is your better.
-Oh. sir.
-Uh. I do not think I am better. It...
Sir. respectfully. she is here
for a criminal investigation.
-I do not believe...
-I do not care what you believe. Sergeant.
Miss Holmes.
you may leave.
Once again. Miss Holmes.
I apologize for our misjudgment.
[Tewkesbury] Thank you. sir.
You've been a huge help.
[governor] Absolutely. sir.
-[Enola] What is this?
-[Tewkesbury] The summer carnival.
How jolly.
-I did not like that any more than you.
-Is that how people here are treated?
-It is the system.
-[Enola] The system is not serviceable.
Why was he so eager
for me to stop speaking to the sergeant?
Also. I found these in your mother's room.
Whose are they?
These are my father's war medals.
Maybe they were meant as a wedding gift?
Enola?
[tense music plays]
What are you looking at?
Enola?
[Lady Tewkesbury screams]
-[dying man] Wrath…
-[Mikiel] She has the ear of the governor.
[Tewkesbury] Enola!
[music stops]
-[Enola] Tewkesbury. I have to go.
-Enola... Shall I join?
[Enola] Speak to that sergeant.
Find out what he knows.
[lively music plays]
[man] Viva carnival!
[laughter. indistinct chatter]
[man] Hey. hey. hey. hey!
[suspenseful music plays]
[lively music plays]
[man] Hey!
[fireworks explode]
[suspenseful music plays]
[music fades]
Wait.
No!
[tense music plays]
Wait!
[panting]
Hello?
You should not have followed me.
Are you Professor Adeline Rathe?
No. No.
-I need to know where my brother is.
-You have made a mistake.
-[gunshot]
-[screams]
[wheezes]
[somber music plays]
-Look at me. I can help you.
-She will kill you.
[tense music plays]
-Who will kill me?
Who is she?
Tell me. Tell me! Please. tell me.
Not again.
Oh no.
[woman laughs]
-Who is she?
-She will kill you.
[Enola] Hearing everything.
Ignored for years.
-Playing them all.
-It's all a game.
-She's having…
-Fun.
Perhaps we shall take to the floor again.
We make it look like
you escaped. Professor.
Moriarty. [gasps]
[Moriarty] What a clever girl
you are. Enola Holmes.
[gasps]
[Enola] Stop!
[grunts]
[Enola] Where is my brother? Is he dead?
Is he dead?!
Not yet.
It pleases me to keep him.
Though he has given up
on hoping you will come to save him.
[screams]
[Moriarty groans]
-[Enola] Why are you here?
-Isn't this splendid?
The British government
are building Malta a sewage network.
A wonderful place to hide. [laughs]
[dramatic music plays]
Of course. there's the matter
of the wedding.
With all those newspaper announcements.
you practically invited me.
That sad expression on his face.
waiting for you.
Did you get cold feet. Enola?
Though perhaps he deserved to suffer.
[Moriarty laughs]
[Enola groans]
You came here to ruin my family?
Amongst other things. yes.
[Moriarty groans]
[Moriarty growls]
You're further behind the curve
than I thought. Detective Holmes.
[gasps] No!
-[gasps]
-[Eudoria] Step away from my daughter!
Mother! Get off of me!
Eudoria Holmes.
-How delightful.
-[Eudoria] Oh. no.
The pleasure's mine.
Your children vex me.
Well. they vex me too.
[dramatic music crescendos]
[Moriarty laughing]
[coughing]
[coughs. wheezes]
-[Eudoria] You all right?
-[Enola] Yes.
[Enola exhales]
[Eudoria] She's gone.
'Tis I.
Well. this is all a ridiculous merry mess.
Ridiculous is you being here. Mother.
You walking away from me?
Yes. I am.
Because I have work to do.
My brother is missing.
my soon-to-be mother-in-law is. and…
You have been absent for far too long.
Well.
I was here for your wedding.
One is a wanted woman.
One could hardly advertise it.
So you just expected to watch my wedding
in secret and then flee back to London?
-That sounds less romantic than I had it.
-How did you have it?
Well. I wanted to see you
walk down the aisle.
I wanted. um.
to see you.
May we hug now?
[poignant music plays]
Mother.
Now. I have other matters to attend to.
Namely. the kidnap of my favorite child.
-Favorite?
-Mm. Have you met Sherlock?
Glorious in combat. but what a mind.
Now it is up to you to find him.
You do not think me capable?
On the contrary.
I think you're extraordinary.
Word of advice. if I may.
Moriarty has the same brain
as your brother's.
So look for what's in front of you. yes.
but do not forget
to look behind that front.
The puzzle is always as devious
as the setter.
Write that down.
Can you tie it?
What was your dress like?
Ill-used.
[Eudoria] And why weren't you
at the church?
-Perhaps a question for another time.
-[Eudoria] Mm.
Don't despair. darling.
You learnt the most important thing.
Sherlock is alive.
-[Eudoria howls]
-[Enola yelps]
[Eudoria howls]
[music fades]
-[Tewkesbury] They're both alive?
-[Enola] Yes.
This is all Moriarty?
Yes.
All along.
And you nearly died?
I fell for her trap.
Twice. Tewkesbury. Twice.
-You were…
-That's so unlike me.
You were brave.
Oh!
-I… I can manage. It's all right.
-I insist.
Please.
[poignant music plays]
Wh…
Why are you so good to me?
Because I'm choosing to be.
You're all I have. Enola.
And I'm not going to lose you.
[music fades]
[Enola] Is that a bathing cabin?
What?
Enola. did...
Take off your shoes. You'll slip.
I have never been in one of these.
All so that a woman
could take a swim in the sea.
[Tewkesbury] Shall we take a swim?
[gentle music plays]
[both chuckle softly]
[Tewkesbury] I missed you.
[Enola] Me too.
[Enola squeals happily]
[Enola laughs]
[music fades]
[Tewkesbury] I was never
forcing you into this marriage?
[Enola] No.
Look. I was never saying.
"You must marry me." was I?
[Enola sighs]
When I said yes.
I said yes to you.
And then it felt like
everyone was crowding in
with what I must say and how I must behave
and who I should invite and…
Yeah.
[Enola] I started to feel I wasn't enough.
But any doubt was never of you.
Never of spending my life with you or
committing to you.
I'm sorry.
I know I hurt you terribly.
Thank you.
[ominous music plays]
Drink.
[Moriarty laughs]
I could get used to this.
Give her water.
[Moriarty] I will quench her
after I am done with you.
I say.
here's fun.
Why don't you tell me what I'm planning?
I've left enough clues.
Yes.
You came to Malta a year ago.
I suspect at the behest
of someone in power
who could have negotiated
your early release from prison.
I believe you contrived to bring
my sister here and her wedding here.
How. I do not know.
But impressively. you accomplished it.
Well. perhaps
you should ask your cellmate.
And how easy you were
to manipulate. Lady Tewkesbury.
Wanting your exotic wedding.
Remind me.
where did you and your husband marry?
Malta.
Hmm.
[music fades]
[Sherlock] Ah.
Masterful stroke.
That's high praise from you.
[Sherlock] When we got to the island.
you set a stone rolling down a slope.
You kidnapped me to make Enola
perform for you.
So I trap you in order to make her work.
Why would I do that?
Because you know she cares.
That is not the question.
Enola is behaving rationally.
She is doing all she can
to right this situation. whereas you…
Is it in service to others? No.
You never truly work for others.
or with them.
They believe you do.
but then you just do away with them
as soon as their purpose is served.
Is it an act of revenge?
No.
Far too base for Professor Moriarty.
Did I mention I met your mother?
She blows up a post office.
and you celebrate.
I do not.
Yet I steal from the truly corrupt.
and you watch me carted to prison.
Ah.
[tense music plays]
This is an anger with us.
My anger is with hypocrisy.
My boredom is with you.
Your suppositions are moderate.
I expected better.
I played your game.
You promised her water.
Indeed.
I need little from you…
And less from her.
Worry not.
I have no great thirst.
Do not worry. Lady Tewkesbury.
Enola will succeed.
[music fades]
[Enola] It was Moriarty all along.
[suspenseful music plays]
But why?
You came here to ruin my family.
[Enola] Revenge on us?
Far too simple for her. surely?
[Eudoria] Moriarty has the same brain
as your brother's.
Look for what's in front of you.
but do not forget
to look behind that front.
[Enola] There is more to understand here.
But what?
-[Tewkesbury] Enola. are you awake?
-[music stops]
-I've had a thought.
-Yes?
The woman in the purple dress...
[Eudoria] The family
you're marrying into are intolerable.
This woman gave me a bedpan.
thought I was her maid.
Mother.
Oh! Aha. son-in-law.
Well. almost. Uh. back together?
[Tewkesbury] Uh…
I quite agree. by the way.
My family are rather intolerable.
-Earnest.
-Tewkesbury.
Eudoria Holmes.
-It's an honor.
-I like him.
[chuckles]
Would you like a bedpan?
Yes. please.
Now. daughter. have you found a thread
that is worth pulling on?
We are all out of morphine and bandages.
I'm quite exhausted.
Please tell me we're close
on finding Sherlock.
You must be Dr. Watson.
Eudoria Holmes.
A… a great pleasure.
Two handsome men in a tent.
We are very lucky.
Do you wish to say everything
that comes to your mind?
Yes.
Dr. Watson.
I feel we are getting closer to Sherlock.
but I have no firm leads.
and I need time to think.
-We'd do better to let you sit alone.
-[Enola] Thank you.
When Sherlock's deducing.
he prefers complete silence.
[Eudoria] Sherlock is a bore.
A little discussion I don't think
is gonna hurt Enola's thoughts.
-I...
-[Mikiel] I have a thought.
-Three men. It's an avalanche.
-[Tewkesbury] Hello?
I apologize. I was close at hand.
-No. you were listening in.
-[speaks Maltese]
-Do you know how loud you all are?
-Who's this?
My name is Mikiel Mizzi
of the Partito Anti-Riformista.
"We wish to be rid of your Crown."
And you want a free Malta.
-Actually. I'd like everyone to leave.
-[Tewkesbury] I can't.
Um. I fear
there is something you have missed.
The woman in the purple dress.
All right? Her hat.
Her hat was from Garrett & Co.'s.
Mm-hmm. And this year's style.
Good for her.
Oh. yes. uh. that…
Uh. sorry. that is a society hat.
Money had been invested
into making her fit into polite society.
It is my contention that woman was not
Moriarty's assassin. nor a soldier.
but Moriarty's spy.
-A good suggestion. Tewkesbury.
-Mm-hmm.
If we can figure out
who she was spying on.
if she was indeed working for Moriarty.
then the question of her motive
might become easier to answer.
Let me think.
[Enola] She was speaking with two men
before the carnival.
One was the governor.
but the other one.
he was wearing a fox mask
and medals.
The brigadier.
[suspenseful music plays]
[Eudoria] Why would he be talking
to Moriarty's spy?
Tewkesbury. where are those medals
I gave you?
Uh…
[Enola] He was wearing this one.
It's the same one
the soldier at the banquet was wearing.
[Sampson] Please be upstanding.
Afghanistan.
It's from the Anglo-Afghan War.
It was given to those who saw conflict
-in the Battle of Khost.
-Khost.
[Enola] Khost.
My father fought with my godfather
in the Battle of Khost.
-The brigadier?
-We need to speak to him.
How do we speak to him?
[Eudoria] Hmm.
[fanfare plays]
[Eudoria] These military men
are very good at busily saying nothing.
[soldier 1] The brigadier's office
is this way. Follow me. gentlemen.
[intriguing music plays]
[Eudoria] No.
We need to do as Moriarty was.
We need to be a bit devious.
Now. who here… is good at that?
Incoming.
-There you are.
-That was easier with younger bones.
Here. All right. come on.
You must walk ahead. I will stay
behind you as your man-servant.
No! Why?
Far be it from me
to explain the colonies to a colonizer.
Sadly. no one here will understand
a man from his country
walking beside women from ours.
-Mother. what's the plan?
-We'll be posh. Don't worry about it.
You're discussing this now?
We are discussing this now. sir.
Because this is important.
Did you bring a floor plan?
[clears throat] I beg your pardon. madam.
What's going on? Can I help you?
[in exaggerated accent] Excuse me.
Yes. hello. Just the man I want.
Could you show us
the way to the records room?
-Recor…
-[Enola] The records room.
Yes. I've been sent by the brigadier.
Brigadier Sampson.
To surprise. uh. my… my…
my husband. Colonel Remington.
[Enola] Remington.
Colonel Remington.
I do not know the name.
-Really?
-[soldier 2] No.
[suspenseful music plays]
Are you quite sure of that?
Y… yes. ma'am. I… I know him.
L… let me… Let me show you him…
Records room. you say?
Good.
Do not forget one led
the life of a lady before one fled.
[music fades]
I… I'm sorry.
I have no news of your mother.
-Oh.
-But the concern is palpable. I have…
-Everything I have is out there searching.
-[Tewkesbury] Thank you for your efforts.
I am actually here
for a different reason. sir.
I hoped to ask you
about a city called Khost.
Yes. Khost. Yes. I think I know it.
You were there with my father.
In the Anglo-Afghan war.
Khost. I remember it. yes.
Oh. I'm so sorry. How rude. You are?
Dr. Watson. sir.
Captain Watson. I served in Ashanti.
A testing time.
Yes. sir.
[Enola strains]
[Eudoria] You all right there. darling?
We must move quickly before he wakes.
[strains]
[suspenseful music plays]
-[body thuds]
-[Enola sighs]
Where do we begin?
We read. darling.
We read.
Anything relating to Khost
or the Anglo-Afghan war.
Lord Tewkesbury. Sr.. spoke with me
at length of what happened at Khost.
-So. you knew Peter?
-Oh yeah.
And Peter told me he wished for his son
to be a part of the solution.
I do not like
the tone of this conversation.
We come seeking your help.
We feel there is a threat
towards the people of Malta.
And we need to know what you know
of what happened in Khost.
Trust me. there are some things
you don't need to know about. boy.
I know what can happen in battle.
The lines that can be crossed.
An army medic.
even at the rank of captain.
does not understand the decision...
It was my job
to pull the dead from the field.
I faced bullets. I took them.
Have no doubt
I understand the consequences.
[suspenseful music plays]
Khost.
I found it.
Look.
Oh. these files. they have been damaged.
Yes. pages ripped.
[Eudoria] Whatever it is. it has permeated
far deeper than we thought.
Look… at the indentations.
I can retrace these.
Mother. do you have a pen…cil?
Thank you.
[soldier 2 groans]
[soldier 2] No!
[music stops]
[Eudoria sighs]
He's fine.
Anything?
[Enola] There were British
and Maltese soldiers in the battle.
"Mission complete.
Death toll incalculable."
"Reparations. one tonne Afghan gold."
"Locals labeled it 'cleansing.'
It was theft."
[somber music plays]
Moriarty knows about the gold.
But how?
Sergeant N. Smith.
Of course.
He was her inside man.
Oh. this is horrible.
Well. the answers we receive
are rarely the answers we seek.
All right. my darling.
We criminals. we've taken you
as far as we can.
-Pencil?
-Yes.
Now. on you go. Make hell.
[music stops]
-[Enola] Tewkesbury!
-I say! I say!
They stole!
They stole. They looted.
and they stole in Khost.
-What are you talking about?
-I recognize who she is and what she is...
They killed innocent people.
stole gold from a shrine in Afghanistan.
And they did so from the orders
of the British government.
They brought it here to Malta.
and they hid it.
Is this true?
Yes.
Now. sir. my father was a good man.
You… you know.
Now. tell me…
He was a good man.
There are practicalities in war
that go beyond the mere morality of good.
What are you talking about?
The British government
and the armed forces were at loggerheads.
We were under pressure to reduce costs.
But there was no way of reducing costs.
This was war.
So the decision was made
to right matters by…
Thievery?
-Murder?
-No. we saw it as advanced reparations.
It's established practice after war.
for our cost and our loss.
And what of their losses?
Well. you have to understand
that we were fighting for an empire.
And some
miscalculations were made.
[Watson] Miscalculations?
Miscalculations? Where is your honor?
I'm sorry. sir.
what was my father's role in this?
Was he told to do this?
Your father loved you.
Immensely.
The operation…
Was his.
[breathes shakily]
[somber music plays]
-Excuse me.
-Tewkesbury.
I'm sorry.
Let me.
[door opens]
[door closes]
My father was a soldier as well.
A loyal servant of the British Raj.
He loved the Crown.
Believed in its right to rule India.
And I thought he was right to do so.
I was a child.
He was my hero.
The gold. what happened to it?
You do understand what could happen
to Lady Tewkesbury and Sherlock
if you say nothing?
Well. the… [sighs]
The gold was transported here.
Why?
It was to be produced
as though Malta was where it was found.
or. in fact. where it was taken.
But it never returned to Britain.
Am I right?
Peter had a crisis of conscience.
Took me until the Ashanti to realize
the damage our Crown had done.
The way we treated the people brutally.
I suddenly saw it so clearly.
I suppose I saw him clearly.
[Sampson] As we returned to Malta.
he waited for his men to come to land.
and then he sunk the ship
and claimed that the gold
went down with it.
-He should have returned the gold.
-No.
No. my dear. the British Empire.
it cannot admit guilt.
And the embarrassment…
[Sampson] Such was the rage
amongst our senior officers. that we…
We feared for our careers. so we…
We blamed the Maltese soldiers
in our unit. Said it was a mutiny.
We allowed them
to take the fall for the missing gold.
We are all made.
but the truth… makes us in turn.
More than our heroes.
More than our fathers.
I always thought my father a great man.
Many men get distracted
by what it means to be great
and lose themselves in the process.
But to be capable
of such horrendous things…
I can't make it any better for you.
Lord Tewkesbury.
All I can tell you is.
you needn't walk the same path.
[gentle music plays]
[Enola] Where is the gold now?
Well. I don't know. do I?
He didn't want me
to hold responsibility for it.
Oh. Peter said that it was pirate gold
and that he didn't want me
to be tarnished by it. and I was…
Pirate gold?
[Tewkesbury] See that cave?
He told me when I was a boy
that there was treasure hidden inside.
Of course.
[music fades]
[Enola] With Moriarty.
it's never just one thing.
Why shouldn't I have a share
of your ill-begotten riches
and punish you at the same time?
[Enola] She wants to wrong us.
but she also wants the stolen riches.
I know where the gold is. but she doesn't.
Who?
-The puzzle is as devious as the setter.
How could I have missed this?
I should have known it
from the moment she tried to kill me.
[strains]
She should have killed me.
[gasps]
It would have protected her identity.
I agree that would be useful.
It was a goose chase.
A constructed goose chase.
[Enola] She laid the traps.
and we fell for them.
Wrath.
[Enola] The discoveries.
Sherlock and Lady Tewkesbury's abductions.
[screams]
[Enola] The fire at the hotel.
I'm entirely lost
as to what is happening here.
I wouldn't be surprised
if she was held responsible
for the smudges of Morse code
on his mirror.
[tense music plays]
The only missing piece that we had
was Tewkesbury's father.
A… and she knew of Khost.
and she knew of he.
And she knows Tewkesbury loves me.
And only Tewkesbury could bring me to him.
-Me?
-Yes. you.
And you could bring me
to the gold.
She has led us every step of the way.
[exhales] Tewkesbury.
Hmm.
[suspenseful music plays]
Tewkesbury. I have…
-I have solved the case.
-You have?
And I have a plan.
[dramatic music plays]
[Enola] Moriarty has spun her web.
and now I must fly into it.
[tense music plays]
You thinking what I'm thinking?
[Enola] Yes.
She is watching us somewhere.
but she does not know
where the gold is yet.
I will take her there.
You know what to do.
-Stay here.
-What if she's hiding deeper in the cave?
Dr. Watson.
this is a good plan.
If she is there. I will deal with her.
Good luck.
[sighs]
[music fades]
[Enola yelps]
[gasps]
-[dramatic music sting]
-[bat squeaks]
Oh. get away!
[breathes heavily]
[tense music plays]
[haunting music plays]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Enola grunts]
[strains]
[pants]
[chain rattles]
[Enola strains]
[strains]
[panting]
[music fades]
[grunts]
[tense music plays]
[haunting music plays]
[music fades]
Dr. Watson?
[bird flutters]
[tense music plays]
Dr. Watson?
Sorry.
[dramatic music plays]
[men speak Maltese]
[music fades]
Where's my brother?
He will be released
as soon as I have what I need.
How can we trust you?
I have seen two dead by your hands.
[scoffs]
Always so superior.
Must you protect gold
that is filthy with blood?
[tense music plays]
Stained you.
as it has stained that floppy boy
whose dirty name you almost took.
But then what of the Holmes name?
I wonder what privilege that is built on.
Hmm?
Sugar? From Jamaica. perhaps?
Silk or cotton from India?
There are few British names
that are not tarnished
with the pain of its empire.
[man speaks Maltese]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Moriarty speaks Maltese]
[man speaks Maltese]
[man grunts]
[man in Maltese] There are
20 more boxes inside.
[Enola in English] There.
You have the gold.
Now where is my brother?
You and your heart.
Do you really think I would
hand him over to you so easily? [chuckles]
I will not allow you or your brother
to foil my plans for another moment.
[inhales deeply] Once again.
you are behind the curve. Miss Holmes.
Are you quite sure of that?
[Mikiel speaks Maltese]
You are surrounded!
[men shout in Maltese]
[Enola] You are not the only one
with friends in Malta. Professor.
-[dramatic music plays]
-[chuckles]
Drop your weapons!
[uplifting music plays]
[music fades]
[suspenseful music plays]
-[Enola] Now!
-[Tewkesbury] Enola!
[men shout in Maltese]
-[screams in pain]
-[grunts]
[Mikiel shouts in Maltese]
[Enola] No!
No!
-No!
-Enola. wait!
Enola!
[dramatic music plays]
[tense music plays]
Hyah!
[dramatic music plays]
[Enola yells]
[tense music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
[Enola groans]
[music fades]
[Lady Tewkesbury] Help! Help!
We're in here!
[haunting music plays]
[Tewkesbury] I love you.
She's full of this fight.
[dramatic music plays]
[yells]
[Moriarty yells]
[music fades]
[panting]
[poignant music plays]
[music fades]
[Enola] Sherlock!
Sherlock! Sherlock! Sherlock.
Free her! Free her. Enola!
[Enola] All right.
Okay. All right.
[coughs]
[Enola] I'm sorry if this hurts.
-[Lady Tewkesbury] No.
-I'll be back. Breathe.
-[gunshot]
-[Enola yelps]
There!
There. there. there!
No.
-No! No. no. no!
-[whimpers]
Shooting you
would make a dull end. [grunts]
[Enola groans]
[Enola] You baited me.
I'm impressed.
Oh. you made it easy.
You're so unlike your brother.
[yells]
[Moriarty] He shows me nothing.
But you?
-[laughs]
-[groans]
[whimpers]
You're so
emotional!
[Sherlock] You're being emotional.
It's understandable.
but unnecessary.
[dramatic music plays]
I find it quite understandable…
And very. very necessary.
Days.
[music fades]
[tense music plays]
Sherlock. no.
Tell me…
Why I should not.
[Enola] It's not us.
It's not what we believe in.
If we give her to the police.
she'll just escape again.
She'll come after us again.
And this whole
bloody affair… will be on repeat.
And repeat.
Shut up!
-Shut up!
-[Moriarty laughs]
[Enola] Sherlock. look at me. please!
Don't do this.
[laughs]
[Enola] Think.
You're being emotional.
[music fades]
[Sherlock exhales]
[Moriarty breathes heavily]
[yells]
I've been given word that Moriarty
will be transported back to Blighty
with no chance of escape.
Meanwhile. the gold will be traveling
back to Afghanistan with Dr. Watson and I.
where it will be returned
to those it was stolen from.
Thanks to Lord Tewkesbury.
I have been granted responsibility
to undertake investigations.
We intend to prosecute all those
involved in crimes on Maltese soil.
[Mikiel] Moriarty's actions
exposed a great wrong.
The time may have even come
for Malta to be free of the British.
Yes.
Yes. you might be right about that.
[somber music plays]
[Tewkesbury] I hope you understand
why I had to do this.
Your father would be so proud of you.
Is it time?
For Queen and country
and all that that means.
[dramatic music plays]
[cheering]
[inaudible]
[music fades]
She was brave.
She had a resilience at times
that I did not.
Moriarty saw that. tried to stamp it out.
Yet I think she did not succeed.
Share.
Your notebooks.
They were not easy to decipher.
Do you think I would have hope
of deciphering yours?
We are siblings.
but our notebooks.
like our minds. are our own.
Yes. indeed.
And your mind. Enola.
is one I admire hugely.
Thank you.
[sighs]
Thank you for everything.
For I…
I forgot myself.
You remembered soon enough.
You think you know fear.
then suddenly.
you're in a dark place…
With someone that you cannot protect.
Dr. Watson was there… [sniffs]
…fighting for you too.
Good. [grunts]
He's a good man.
And Tewkesbury. he has more
than I thought about him.
[Sherlock] Yes. He's worth something.
And Mother. of course.
Her. I'm not so sure about.
[chuckles]
[Sherlock] What I said
in our
disagreement...
It… it's all right. Consider it forgotten.
I… I said things I didn't mean too.
Enola.
You are a Holmes.
But what I failed to say…
Is that truly…
You are so much more.
You might even be
extraordinary.
[poignant music plays]
Though I do not know when you grew so old.
Turns out.
I've been getting older every day.
[chuckles] Yes.
You have.
[music fades]
[Tewkesbury] I never wanted to marry
a future Lady of Tewkesbury. I…
But I do wish to be your husband.
I do not wish to take your name.
Nor would I.
My name is tarnished beyond all measure.
No. I mean… your title.
I'm giving up my title.
I'm in the process of… of resigning it.
I'll be a lord no more.
Are you sure?
I'll take on our blood name. Tebbity-Gore.
Tebbity…
-Tebbity-Gore?
-Tewkesbury is my given name.
Viscount Tewkesbury.
the Marquess of Basilwether.
But. yeah. my…
my real name is… is Tebbity-Gore.
You don't like it. do you?
Tewkesbury is my favorite.
[both chuckle]
But I don't mind.
All I've ever wanted
was for you to be you.
and for me to be me.
Enola Holmes.
[gentle music plays]
[Enola] Earnest Tebbity…
-It just hurts to say.
-[Tewkesbury] It's bad. isn't it?
[Enola] Does it feel right
for you? [laughs]
[wind rushes]
[Enola] I made a mistake with what I said
at the beginning of this tale.
As it turns out. I misunderstood.
It's not that good stories
begin with a wedding.
No.
They end with one.
-You look beautiful.
-Thank you.
[music fades]
Did you like being married?
Well. I married the wrong man.
I think you're pairing yourself
with the right one.
[Enola] Mm.
And now.
in the spirit of great partnership…
-[Enola] Mm-hmm?
-The matter of your wedding gift.
Oh dear.
I thought of jewels.
and I thought of books.
and I thought of paintings. flowers.
um. and I decided upon…
Hello.
'Tis I.
-[Enola squeals]
-[both laugh]
-[Enola] Edith. What are you doing here?
-[chuckles]
Your mother sent me a telegram.
Told me I must find my way here.
Though she is little. she is fierce.
Your name…
[gentle music plays]
Enola.
I'm. um…
Well. I'm glad
it hasn't limited you.
Ah. yes. "alone" backwards.
What a curse to give
to your only daughter.
I love my name. Mother.
I love all of my name.
Enola Eudoria Holmes.
I will still be a Holmes.
Oh. sadly. my darling.
we are all still tarred with that brush.
I'll see you down there.
I'm Viscount Tewkesbury.
the Marquess of Basilwether.
You're a nincompoop.
Shall we. um. stick together?
-People don't seem to want us. do they?
-[Enola] No.
[Tewkesbury] At least
we've got each other.
Look into my eyes.
The rhythm is always there.
[Enola] I can feel it.
That message with the fan at the ball.
what did it mean?
It means I love you.
I have something for you.
[Tewkesbury laughs]
Enola. did you understand what I said?
You love me.
And as it turns out. I love you too.
-[Eudoria] Oi! Not yet.
-[guests chuckle]
[music stops]
Let's begin.
-Hello.
-Hi.
I am Mikiel Mizzi
of the Partito Anti-Riformista.
We believe in a free Malta.
Okay. All right.
We wish to be rid of your...
-Okay. listen to the wedding.
-Yeah.
[gentle music plays]
Oh. my darling.
I can see how you look at Enola.
and I can see how she looks at you.
I wish you the greatest happiness.
-Thank you.
-I love you.
[clears throat] Right.
All right. [clears throat]
Um. dearly beloved.
uh. new family…
[chuckling]
[Eudoria] …welcome.
We are gathered here today
for the partnership of Earnest and Enola.
It'll be a simple ceremony
because I really don't know
much of the original by heart.
[laughter]
-Rings. Who has the rings?
-Ah.
Here.
[Tewkesbury] Thank you. sir.
[sniffles]
Right. Ready?
[Tewkesbury] Yes.
Earnest.
will you… care for Enola?
Will you be a companion to her?
And will you love her
as she needs be loved?
Do you mind possibly asking her first?
She is rather more complicated
in this matter than I.
Indeed.
-Enola...
-I want to be his.
Good.
'Cause I want to be hers.
Well.
then. by the power
vested in me by. uh. no one at all…
[laughter]
[Eudoria] …I pronounce thee
woman and husband.
You may now kiss the husband.
[uplifting music plays]
[cheering and applause]
[suspenseful music plays]
[woman] Adeline Rathe. Adeline Rathe.
[Moriarty] Wrath.
-[man] Adeline Rathe.
-[woman] Adeline Rathe.
[dramatic uplifting music plays]
[suspenseful dramatic music plays]
[lively dramatic music plays]
[music fades]
[poignant music plays]
[gentle music plays]
[music fades]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-